{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;\f4\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Below is a conceptual look at 
\f1\b why hooking or repurposing the \'93ACPI error beep\'94 mechanism
\f0\b0  is generally 
\f1\b not
\f0\b0  a reliable way to stash code or persist it into the full Windows environment. While such \'93crazy ideas\'94 can be fun thought experiments, here\'92s what you need to know about how BIOS/firmware beeps and ACPI typically work:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 1. ACPI and the \'93Error Beep\'94\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 ACPI
\f0\b0  (Advanced Configuration and Power Interface) is primarily about power management, device configuration, and hardware discovery at the OS level.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The 
\f1\b error beep
\f0\b0  you might recall is often a 
\f1\b BIOS beep code
\f0\b0 , produced by legacy firmware to indicate hardware errors (e.g., missing RAM modules or video card issues) 
\f2\i before
\f0\i0  the system even loads the OS.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec2 Key Point
\f0\b0 : Modern ACPI does not typically store a beep \'93sound sample\'94 in some memory location. Instead, beep codes or tones are generated by toggling the 
\f1\b PC speaker
\f0\b0  via I/O ports (like port 0x61) or using the 
\f1\b system timer
\f0\b0  (PIT at channel 2). There is no dedicated memory-located \'93waveform\'94 for that beep to patch or hook into.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 2. Why You Can\'92t Reliably Hook the \'93Beep\'94 Memory\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 2.1. No Waveform to Overwrite\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 In older PCs, the BIOS beep is produced by instructing the programmable interval timer (PIT) to output a square wave at a certain frequency, which drives the speaker. There\'92s no stored audio sample in memory to modify. It\'92s just toggling a hardware register to produce a tone.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 2.2. BIOS vs. Operating System\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 BIOS beep codes
\f0\b0  happen 
\f1\b before
\f0\b0  the OS loads. Once Windows is in control, it typically 
\f1\b disables
\f0\b0  or bypasses many legacy BIOS features\'97especially on modern UEFI-based systems.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Even if there was a table of beep sequences in firmware ROM, you\'92d be patching the BIOS image, not hooking OS-level code. The OS does not automatically read or call those beep routines once it\'92s booted.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 2.3. Modern Motherboards\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Some motherboards might not even have a PC speaker or might have beep codes emulated through the chassis speaker or a built-in buzzer.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The ACPI tables are typically in read-only firmware or provided via system memory mappings that the OS reads during boot. Stashing code there is extremely non-trivial, and the OS does not automatically execute code from ACPI tables unless it\'92s a recognized ACPI method that Windows calls\'97and Windows also applies 
\f1\b ACPI table signing checks
\f0\b0  in many cases.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 3. Hypothetical Hook Methods\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 If you really wanted to \'93hook\'94 a beep routine:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Interrupt Vector
\f0\b0 : On truly old BIOS-based systems, the beep or keyboard speaker control might go through some 
\f1\b INT 15h
\f0\b0  call or direct I/O port writes. You could theoretically hook that interrupt vector in real mode.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 SMI (System Management Interrupt)
\f0\b0 : The firmware might handle beep codes in 
\f1\b SMRAM
\f0\b0  (System Management RAM). But that\'92s a protected environment not easily patched at runtime.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 ACPI 
\f3\fs26 _PTS
\f1\fs24 , 
\f3\fs26 _WAK
\f1\fs24 , 
\f3\fs26 _S5
\f1\fs24  Methods
\f0\b0 : These are ACPI methods for power transitions. You can \'93modify\'94 them only by rewriting ACPI tables, which typically requires rewriting the firmware or using advanced patching in memory. Windows or the firmware might reject unsigned or invalid ACPI tables.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strokec2 In any event
\f0\b0 , hooking these low-level firmware routines is extremely hardware/firmware-specific, not standardized, and not guaranteed to remain stable once the OS is loaded.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 4. Why It Wouldn\'92t Carry Over to Windows Proper\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 Even if you somehow replaced the code behind the beep routine:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Once Windows Boots
\f0\b0 : The OS loads its own kernel, driver stack, and no longer calls the BIOS beep routines for normal operations.\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Protected/Long Mode
\f0\b0 : Windows runs in 64-bit mode with a brand-new interrupt descriptor table (IDT). The old real-mode interrupt vectors or memory hooks are irrelevant.\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Memory Reinitialization
\f0\b0 : If you patched some firmware memory (like a BIOS shadow region), Windows might overwrite or ignore it\'97or fail to boot if checksums or secure boot checks are violated.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Hence, code hidden in beep routines doesn\'92t typically have a path to execute under Windows, nor a mechanism to \'93survive\'94 the OS memory initialization.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 5. If Your Goal Is \'93Extra Credit\'94 or a Novel Hook\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Multi-stage Bootloader
\f0\b0 : As we discussed, that\'92s the standard approach for advanced hooking.\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Patching a Real Firmware Region
\f0\b0  (like Option ROMs or SMI handlers) is possible in theory but requires specialized tools and knowledge. It also triggers security measures on modern systems.\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 UEFI Drivers
\f0\b0 : On UEFI systems, you could create a custom 
\f4\fs26 .efi
\f0\fs24  driver and store it in the EFI System Partition. If the firmware loads it, it can run before Windows. But you still face Secure Boot signing requirements.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 6. Conclusion\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 No Dedicated \'93Error Beep\'94 Memory
\f0\b0 : The beep is typically generated by toggling a hardware register, not by reading a waveform from memory. There\'92s nothing \'93sitting in memory\'94 to patch.\
\ls7\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Firmware Control
\f0\b0 : Even if you patch or replace the beep routine in firmware, modern OSes bypass or reinitialize hardware in ways that ignore or overwrite that patch.\
\ls7\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Better Hook Methods
\f0\b0 : If you want code to persist and run at or after Windows boot, you usually rely on multi-stage bootloaders, patched boot files (
\f4\fs26 bootmgr
\f0\fs24 , 
\f4\fs26 winload.exe
\f0\fs24 ), or custom drivers.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 While it\'92s a fun \'93crazy idea,\'94 hooking an \'93ACPI error beep\'94 routine is not a practical or reliable approach for code injection or persistence on modern Windows systems.\
}